_pages/research.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Projects"
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---

## Compressed-sensing analog front-end (AFE) for the acquisition of atrial electrograms (AEG)

1. Proposed rakeness based compressed-sensing to acquire multichannel atrial electrograms (AEG); Results presented at IEEE ISCAS 2019. [Paper] (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8702398)
2. Filed provisional US patent titled "Rakeness-based compressed-sensing of atrial electrograms" (Serial No. 62/838,489) Date: April, 2019. 
3. Hardware architectural modeling of CS-AFE for multichannel AEG acquisition
4. Integration of flexible array and AFE for use at Erasmus Medical Center, Rotterdam 

![alt text](/images/wavefront_SR_AF.png)<br/>
Representation of the atrial signals: (a) During sinus rhythm with A and B representing the transmission and the receiving node respectively; (b) Atrial fibrillation with a1, a2, a3 representing the secondary focii.


## State-space approach for designing high-pass $\Sigma\Delta$ ADCs for the acquisition of electrocardiogram (ECG)

1. Proposed a state-space methodology to synthesize arbitrary signal transfer characteristic $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC.
2. Dynamic range of the proposed orthonormal $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC improves by 3 dB.
3. Taped out a state-spaced based high-pass sigma-delta ADC AFE for ECG signal acquisition.

![alt text](/images/baseline_wandering_ECG.png)<br/> 
Figure 1: Power spectral density of (a) Clean ECG (b) ECG with baseline wandering (Data courtesy: MIT-BIH database)


![alt text](/images/proposed_method_HPSDADC.png)<br/> 
Figure 2: Flowchart of the proposed state-space based approach for $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC topologies


![alt text](/images/reduced_baseline.png)<br/> 
Figure 3: Time-domain ECG signal from the orthonormal HP$\Sigma$$\Delta$ modulator output compared with raw ECG (MIT-BIH), Harrison
amplifier and MATLAB filtered output

Commit message:

added the system diagram of the acquiring AEG

_pages/research.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Projects"
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---

## Compressed-sensing analog front-end (AFE) for the acquisition of atrial electrograms (AEG)

1. Proposed rakeness based compressed-sensing to acquire multichannel atrial electrograms (AEG); Results presented at IEEE ISCAS 2019. [Paper] (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8702398)
2. Filed provisional US patent titled "Rakeness-based compressed-sensing of atrial electrograms" (Serial No. 62/838,489) Date: April, 2019. 
3. Hardware architectural modeling of CS-AFE for multichannel AEG acquisition
4. Integration of flexible array and AFE for use at Erasmus Medical Center, Rotterdam 

![alt text](/images/wavefront_SR_AF.png)<br/> 
Figure 1: Representation of the atrial signals: (a) During sinus rhythm with A and B representing the transmission and the receiving node respectively; (b) Atrial fibrillation with a1, a2, a3 representing the secondary focii. 



![alt text](/images/system_diagram_AEG.png)<br/> 
Figure 2: System-level diagram of the acquisition of atrial electrograms.


## State-space approach for designing high-pass $\Sigma\Delta$ ADCs for the acquisition of electrocardiogram (ECG)

1. Proposed a state-space methodology to synthesize arbitrary signal transfer characteristic $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC.
2. Dynamic range of the proposed orthonormal $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC improves by 3 dB.
3. Taped out a state-spaced based high-pass sigma-delta ADC AFE for ECG signal acquisition.

![alt text](/images/baseline_wandering_ECG.png)<br/> 
Figure 1: Power spectral density of (a) Clean ECG (b) ECG with baseline wandering (Data courtesy: MIT-BIH database)


![alt text](/images/proposed_method_HPSDADC.png)<br/> 
Figure 2: Flowchart of the proposed state-space based approach for $\Sigma$$\Delta$ ADC topologies


![alt text](/images/reduced_baseline.png)<br/> 
Figure 3: Time-domain ECG signal from the orthonormal HP$\Sigma$$\Delta$ modulator output compared with raw ECG (MIT-BIH), Harrison
amplifier and MATLAB filtered output
